DOCS-14642: Restructure Threat Protection documentation (#37465)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/threat_protection/_index.md

---
title: Threat Protection
description: Detect, investigate, and block application and API attacks in real time with Threat Protection in App and API Protection.
further_reading:
- link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/datadog-exploit-prevention/"
  tag: "Blog"
  text: "Protect your applications from zero-day attacks with Datadog Exploit Prevention"
---

> Use Threat Protection in [App and API Protection][1] (AAP) to detect attacks against your applications and APIs, investigate them, and block malicious traffic in real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Threat Protection in [App and API Protection][1] (AAP) to detect attacks against your applications and APIs, perform investigations, and block malicious traffic in real time.
```
This is very optional depending on what you think reads better, but grammatically I was mildly concerned that "them" could also refer to "your applications and APIs," and sometimes it's nice to try to avoid a garden path sentence if we can.
